Updated text to align with /support (#8058)
OctopusDeploy/Issues: README.md

# Octopus Deploy Issues

> Welcome! This is a public repository used to track known issues of [Octopus Deploy](https://octopus.com).

Reviewer: This is also a place we point customers to get release notes on new features.

```suggestion
Welcome! This is a public repository used to track known and resolved issues as well as completed enhancements for [Octopus Deploy](https://octopus.com).
```
